{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green176\blue80;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl240\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang29 Noteringar:\par
Alla rim har tre olika \'e4ndelser. De b\'f6rjar med ett \ldblquote ing\rdblquote , \ldblquote ly\rdblquote  eller \ldblquote ed\rdblquote  rim.\par
I f\'f6rsta version n\'e4r de inte \'e4r i past tense \'e4r det viktigaste att styckena h\'e4nger\par
ihop bra \'e4n att rimmen ska h\'e4nga ihop mellan styckena.\par
F\'f6r sedan i past tense s\'e5 kommer ett styckes slut rimma p\'e5 n\'e4sta styckes\par
b\'f6rjan. Vi \'e4r medvetna om att m\'e5nga av rimorden inte rimmar helt perfekt och\par
att det inte g\'e5r att f\'e5 allt att l\'e5ta som att det rimmar korrekt men f\'f6rs\'f6k s\'e5 gott\par
det g\'e5r.\par
Ang\'e5ende ton s\'e5 lyssna till exemplen i spelet f\'f6r att f\'e5 en k\'e4nsla av\par
st\'e4mningen. I past tense beh\'f6vs inte en \'f6verdriven dyster st\'e4mning men bara\par
det inte l\'e5ter f\'f6r glatt. F\'e5r g\'e4rna g\'e5 fr\'e5n ungef\'e4r samma st\'e4mning i b\'f6rjan till\par
dystrare mot slutet av past tense rimmen.(T\'e4nk d\'e5 p\'e5 att alla rim i ett rum kan\par
k\'f6ras i vilken ordning som helst. Dvs det b\'f6r vara samma ton p\'e5 alla stycken\par
mellan Lily openings till Bedroom transition och sedan kan det vara dystrare\par
mellan Bedroom transition - Painting transition och Painting transition - Ending\par
likas\'e5.\par
// \'e4r bara extra breakpoints f\'f6r att dela upp styckena tydligare. \'c4ven om past\par
tense rimmen ligger under de vanliga nu s\'e5 kanske det \'e4r b\'e4st att spela in\par
dem sist. Det k\'e4nner du sj\'e4lv vad som \'e4r l\'e4ttast. Parenteserna ska s\'e5klart inte\par
l\'e4sas :)\par
\par
Lily openings:\par
(ing)\par
Lily is a curious soul, always asking why,\par
Her mind is full of wonder and she is never shy.\par
She loves to learn new things and explore,\par
Her want for adventure grew ever more.\par
Lily knows loads about adventuring.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily was a curious soul, always asking why.\tab\tab\tab\tab 00:00 - 00:16\par
Her mind was full of wonder and she was never shy.\par
She loved to learn new things and explore,\par
Her want for adventure would have grown ever more.\par
Lily knew loads about adventuring.\par
\cf0 //\par
(ly)\par
Lily is a curious girl, with a heart full of wonder,\par
She loves to explore and learn, and let her mind wander.\par
Her bright eyes sparkle with joy and delight,\par
And she loves to laugh and giggle, morning and night.\par
Always with a smile so lovely.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily was a curious girl, with a heart full of wonder,\tab\tab\tab 00:16-00:32\par
She loved to explore and learn and let her mind wander.\par
Her bright eyes sparkled with joy and delight\par
as she used to laugh and giggle, morning and night.\par
Always with a smile so lovely.\par
\cf0 //\par
\par
(ed)\par
Lily is a kind and caring friend,\par
She always helps others and is never at an end.\par
Her gentle nature shines bright and true,\par
Just like her dress, which is always blue.\par
She\rquote s the nicest girl around just like her mother always said.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily was a kind and caring friend,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 00:32-00:52\par
She always helped others and was never at an end.\par
Her gentle nature shined bright and true,\par
Just like her dress which was always blue.\par
She was the nicest girl around just like her mother always said.   // DUBLETT 00:52-01:09\par
\cf0 Lamp:\par
(ing)\par
She was often very caring.\par
Once when the light in the hallway went out\par
Lily came to help without a doubt.\par
And after that the light shined brightly.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 She was always very caring.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 01:09-01:20\par
One time when the light went out.\par
Lily came to help without a doubt.\par
After that the light shined ever brightly.\par
\cf0 (ly)\par
//\par
(ly)\par
On the ceiling a lamp shined so brightly.\par
Even her parents couldn\rquote t reach that high.\par
Although she\rquote s never seen them try.\par
She\rquote d rather just imagine instead.\par
\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 On the ceiling a lamp used to shine brightly.\tab\tab\tab\tab 01:20-01:33\par
Even her parents couldn\rquote t reach that high.\par
Although she never saw them try.\par
She\rquote d rather just imagine instead.\par
\cf0 (ed)\par
//\par
(ed)\par
Just like the light up ahead.\par
Lily\rquote s bright mind shines with why\rquote s and how\rquote s.\par
Even when she\rquote s looking around her house.\par
To her, thinking is almost as good as doing.\par
(ing)\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Just like the light up ahead.\par
Lily\rquote s bright mind used to shine with why\rquote s and how\rquote s\tab\tab\tab 01:33-01:46\par
Even when she was looking around her house.\par
To her, thinking was almost as good as doing.\par
\cf0 Flowers\par
(ly)\par
Her favorite flower is also called Lily.\par
This is the one Lily planted.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Her favorite flower was the Lily.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 01:46-01:52\par
That\rquote s why she had it planted.\par
\cf0 (ed)\par
\par
//\par
(ed)\par
\cf1 The lily flowers have grown into a nice spread.\tab\tab\tab\tab 01:52-01:59\par
It\rquote s amazing how the old petals keep regrowing.\tab\tab\tab // dublett 01:59-02:06\par
\cf0 //\par
\cf1 (past tense)\par
The lily flowers had grown into a nice spread.\tab\tab\tab\tab 02:06-02:14\par
It\rquote s amazing how to old petals kept regrowing\par
(ing)\par
\cf0 //\par
(ing)\par
The lilies are blooming.\par
They have grown rapidly.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 The lilies were blooming.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 02:14-02:18\par
They had grown so rapidly.\par
\cf0 (ly)\par
\par
Door sign\par
(ing)\par
Lily loves spending time decorating.\par
Her door was covered in stickers once, it was the prettiest door around.\par
But her parents made her take it all down.\par
They said she put them on too messily.\par
//\par
\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily loved spending time decorating.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab    02:19-2:30\par
Her door was covered in stickers once, it was the prettiest door around. \par
But her parents made her take it all down.\par
They said she put them on too messily.\par
\cf0 (ly)\par
//\par
(Ed)\par
Lily's door was signed.\par
Signed by herself with her own paint. Even with her parents' restraint.\par
Everyone knows Lily loves painting.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily\rquote s door used to be signed.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab   02:30-02:41\par
Signed by herself with her own paint. Even with her parent\rquote s restraint.\par
Everyone knew Lily loved painting.\par
\cf0 (ing)\par
//\par
(ly)\par
\cf1 Lily was happy with her family.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 02:41-02:52\par
Once they made a sign together, letting anyone know Lily lives here\par
whenever.\par
She has her own room with her own bed.\par
\cf0 //\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily was happy with her family.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 02:52-03:04\par
Once they made a sign together, letting anyone know Lily lived there \par
whenever.\par
She had her own room with her own bed.\par
\cf0 (Ed)\par
\par
Bedroom Transition\par
(ing)\par
Lily has her own room where she likes playing.\par
It\rquote s where she feels most at home, with her cozy bed that\rquote s softer than foam.\par
In the mornings, the sun shines through the window, waking her softly.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily had her own room where she liked playing.\tab\tab\tab\tab 03:04-03:18\par
It\rquote s where she felt most at home, with her cozy bed that was softer than foam.\par
In the mornings, the sun used to shine through the window, waking her softly.\par
\cf0 (ly)\par
//\par
(ed)\par
She has a shelf where she will keep all the books she\rquote s read.\par
It\rquote s empty for now since she just got into reading.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 She had a shelf where she would keep all the books she had read.\tab 03:18-03:25\par
It was empty since she had just gotten into reading.\par
\cf0 (ing)\par
//\par
(ly)\par
In her house there\rquote s a room just for Lily\par
It is a place where she can be herself and not have to hide.\par
Her room will always be a place where she can reside. That\rquote s just what her\par
mother said.\par
//\par
\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 In her house there was a room just for Lily.\tab\tab\tab\tab 03:25-03:40\par
It was a place where she could be herself and not have to hide.\par
Her room would always be a place where she could reside. At Least that\rquote s\par
what her mother always said.\par
\cf0 (ed)\par
Wall drawing unfold\par
\par
(ing)\par
More than anything, Lily loves drawing.\par
She loves the way the pencil feels in her hand, and how easy it is to\par
understand. Her parents always said she drew beautifully.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 More than anything, Lily loved drawing.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 03:40-03:52\par
She loved the way the pencil felt in her hand and how easy it was to\par
understand.\par
Her parents always said she drew beautifully.\par
\cf0 (ly)\par
//\par
(ed)\par
She tapes her drawings above her bed.\par
She loves the way they brightened up her room, and how they seemed to\par
sway. Almost as much as she loves drawing.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 She used to tape her drawings above her bed.\tab\tab\tab\tab 03:52-4:02\par
She loved the way they would brighten up the room, and how they seemed to\par
sway. Almost as much as she loved drawing.\par
\cf0 (ing)\par
//\par
\par
(ly)\par
Her father says her art is painterly.\par
She can't help but feel proud.\par
But she always gets embarrassed when he says it out loud.\par
Though he never regrets what he\rquote s said.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Her father said her art was painterly.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 04:02-04:15\par
She didn\rquote t understand but couldn\rquote t help but to feel proud.\par
But she always got embarrassed when he said it out loud.\par
Though he never regretted what he said.\tab\tab\tab //dublett  04:15-04:29\par
\cf0 (ed)\par
Pillow\par
(ing)\par
Lily doesn\rquote t like sleeping.\par
She would rather stay awake all night,\par
after all she does have her light.\par
Even though she tackles the dark fearlessly.\par
//\par
(past tense)\tab\tab\tab\par
\cf1 Lily didn\rquote t like sleeping.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 04:29-04:39\par
She would rather stay awake all night,\par
after all she did have her light.\par
Even though she tackled the dark fearlessly.\par
\cf0 (ly)\par
//\par
(ed)\par
She sometimes hides things in her bed.\par
Maybe a sock, shirt or even the remote.\par
Once she even hid her father\rquote s coat.\par
He went around looking for the whole evening.\par
\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 She used to hide things in her bed.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 04:39-04:50\par
Maybe a sock, shirt or even the remote.\par
One time she hid her father\rquote s coat.\par
He went around looking for it that whole evening.\par
\cf0 (ing)\par
//\par
(ly)\par
Lily makes her bed carefully.\par
Making sure every pillow is in the right place.\par
Leaving not a single empty space.\par
She\rquote s proud of how she makes her bed.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily used to make her bed carefully.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 04:50-05:01\par
Making sure every pillow was in the right place.\par
Leaving not a single empty space.\par
She was proud of how she made her bed.\par
\cf0 (ed)\par
\par
TV\par
\par
(ing)\par
Lily is always watching.\par
Her TV, her movies, when she isn\rquote t busy drawing.\par
Her favorite movies are always kind of silly.\par
//\par
\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily was always watching.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 05:01-05:11\par
Watching her TV and movies when she wasn\rquote t busy drawing.\par
Her favorite movies were always kind of silly.\par
\cf0 (ly)\par
//\par
(ed)\par
Lily\rquote s favorite show is called \ldblquote A Tailor\rquote s Thread\rdblquote\par
She watches it every Friday afternoon.\par
It\rquote s about a girl with powers from the moon.\par
She loves it even if some scenes are shocking.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily\rquote s favorite show was called \ldblquote A Tailor\rquote s Thread\rdblquote\tab\tab\tab 05:11-05:24\par
She watched it every Friday afternoon\par
It was about a girl with powers from the moon.\par
She loved it even if some scenes were shocking.              // dublett     05:24-05:36\par
\cf0 (ing)\par
//\par
(ly)\par
Lily\rquote s tv glows brightly.\par
Brightly with the glow of her favorite show.\par
The show that\rquote s called \ldblquote A Tailor's Thread\rdblquote .\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily\rquote s TV used to glow brightly.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 05:36-05:46\par
Brightly with the glow of her favorite show.\par
The show was called \ldblquote A Tailor\rquote s Thread\rdblquote .\par
\cf0 (ed)\par
\par
Painting transition\par
(ing)\par
An open field is the best place for running.\par
With plains of grass growing endlessly.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 An open field was the best place for running\tab\tab\tab\tab 05:46-05:52\par
With plains of grass that grew endlessly.\par
\cf0 (ly)\par
//\par
(ed)\par
Lily is proud of the picture she painted.\par
It\rquote s a picture of a field she visited last spring.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily was proud of the picture she had painted.\tab\tab\tab\tab 05:52-06:00\par
It was a picture of a field she had visited on her last spring. // dublett   06:00-06:08\par
\cf0 (ing)\par
\par
//\par
\par
(ly)\par
A field of flowers she remembers so fondly\par
It must have changed alot since she last visited.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 A field of flowers she had remembered so fondly\tab\tab\tab 06:08-06:16\par
It must have changed alot since she last visited.\tab\tab //dublett\tab 06:16-06:23\par
\cf0 (ed)\par
\par
Mouse puzzle\par
(ing)\par
Lily loves any cute little thing.\par
Being a mouse is no exception to being treated kindly.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily loved any cute little thing.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 06:23-06:30\par
Being a mouse was no exception to being treated kindly    //dublett      06:30-06:37\par
\cf0 (ly)\par
//\par
(ed)\par
Lily takes care of the mice living under the shed.\par
Taking care of animals is her second favorite thing.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily took care of the mice that lived under the shed.\tab\tab\tab 06:37-06:45\par
Taking care of animals was her second favorite thing.     //dublett           06:45-06:53\par
\cf0 (ing)\par
//\par
(ly)\par
Lily always treats animals kindly.\par
Especially the mice living under the shed.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Lily always treated animals kindly.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 06:53-06:59\par
Especially the mice that lived under the shed.\par
\cf0 (ed)\par
\par
Rocket puzzle\par
(ing)\par
Playing astronauts never gets tiring.\par
Exploring new universes all across the galaxy.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Playing astronauts never got tiring.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 06:59-07:07\par
Exploring new universes all across the galaxy.\par
\cf0 (ly)\par
//\par
(ed)\par
She flew across the night sky with the rockets fired.\par
Down on the distant surface she was looking.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 She would fly across the night sky with the rockets fired.\tab\tab\tab 07:07-07:14\par
Down on the distant surface she\rquote d be looking.\par
\cf0 (ing)\par
//\par
(ly)\par
When Lily grows up she wants to be an astronaut exploring the galaxy.\par
She pretends to walk on planets she has discovered.\par
//\par
\cf1 When Lily grew up she wanted to be an astronaut exploring the galaxy. 07:14-07:23\par
She pretended to walk on planets she would have discovered.\par
\cf0 (ed)\par
\par
Wheelbarrow puzzle\par
(ing)\par
She often helps her mother with the gardening.\par
A nice way to spend some time with her mother only.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 She often helped her mother with the gardening.\tab\tab\tab 07:23-07:30\par
It was a nice way to spend some time with her mother only.\par
\cf0 (ly)\par
//\par
(ed)\par
Their garden has a big pretty flower bed.\par
Lily often helps with the gardening.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 Their garden had a big pretty flower bed.\tab\tab\tab\tab 07:30 - 07:36\par
Lily often helped out with the gardening.\tab\tab //dublett\tab 07:36- 07:46\par
\cf0 (ing)\par
//\par
(ly)\par
She often spent time in the garden with her mother only\par
Taking care of her very own Lily she planted.\par
//\par
(past tense)\par
\cf1 She would often spend time in the garden with her mother only\tab\tab 07:46-07:50\par
She took care of her very own Lily she had planted.\tab //dublett\tab 07:50-07:58\par
\cf0 (ed)\par
\par
Tunnel open\par
(ing)\par
Sometimes we don\rquote t have a say in where we\rquote re going.\tab\tab\tab\par
Although it has been nice telling you about Lily and her dreams,\tab\par
Every happy story like this has to come to an end it seems.\par
//\par
(ed)\par
\cf1 Look back on the path you\rquote ve traveled.\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 07:58-08:10\par
Although it has been nice telling you about Lily and her dreams,\par
Every happy story like this has to come to an end it seems.  //dublett   08:10 - 08:22\par
\cf0 //\par
(ly)\par
\cf1 Our time here has gone by and we have to leave shortly.\tab\tab 08:22 - 08:35\par
Although it has been nice telling you about Lily and her dreams,\par
Every happy story like this has to come to an end it seems.\par
Ending (after past tense)\par
\cf0\par
(ing)\par
If Lily could ask for just one last thing.\par
She would\rquote ve loved to be your friend.\par
Having you there, keeping her company until the end.\par
(ly)\par
\cf1 I\rquote m glad you came all this way to hear about Lily\tab\tab\tab\tab 08:35 - 08:45\par
She would\rquote ve loved to be your friend.\tab\par
Having you there, keeping her company until the end.\par
\cf0 (ed)\par
\cf1 We both wish this wasn\rquote t the way the story ended.\tab\tab\tab 08:45-08:55\par
She would\rquote ve loved to be your friend.\par
Having you there, keeping her company until the end.\par
}
 